TeamID: 19
Review Dataset:
1.1 Pass your favorite review to your classifier and walk us through the explanation generated by your system.

I'll give it four bc I enjoyed the food and the quiet. My server, apparently the only one here did a great job trying to juggle everyone. The chef was helpful and came out of the kitchen to seat us.

1.2 Show an explanation on a review where your classifier is overconfident.

Summary:  Beautiful hotel, highly error-prone staff. It is rare to find a hotel as beautiful as this. The look is very modern which I happen to love. It has



BBC Dataset:
2.1 Briefly describe the classification task you picked, what is the task? what is the label space
Text classification based on topic of the article. classes = ['sport', 'tech', 'business', 'politics', 'entertainment']

2.2 Pass your favorite instance for this task to your classifier and walk us through the explanation generated by your system.

Sir Elton John has criticised a Russian film company's decision to cut gay sex scenes from his new biopic Rocketman.
The local film distributor told state news agency Tass it cut scenes from the film to comply with Russian laws.
The British singer and the makers of Rocketman issued a statement saying they rejected the censorship "in the strongest possible terms".
Sir Elton has previously spoken out against Russian laws banning "gay propaganda".
Elton falls short of Freddie at box office
Elton John's best movie moments
Russian jails drop yoga ban
In a statement shared on his Twitter page late on Friday, he described the censorship of Rocketman as a "sad reflection of the divided world we still live in and how it can still be so cruelly unaccepting of the love between two people."
"We believe in building bridges and open dialogue, and will continue to push for the breaking down of barriers until all people are heard equally across the world," the statement said.


Creativity
3.1 Briefly describe the creative aspect of your project.
Food served during the meeting  of election committee was very bad.
